Add the ability to specify the disk the artisan command `lighthouse:print-schema` will write to via the `--disk` option (#2379)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Add the ability to specify the disk the schema will print too via the `--disk` option OR the config option `lighthouse.print_schema_disk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Add the ability to specify the disk the artisan command `lighthouse:print-schema` will write to via the `--disk` option
```
